[OBSDEF-10348] clusterolebinding to change SCC to anyuid (#915)
EMCECS/charts: openshift-scc/README.md

# Modify OpenShift SCC for the namespace

> This chart creates clusterrolebinding for all the serrviceaccounts in the given namespace to the clusterrole - system:openshift:scc:anyuid. This will allow all the containers and pods in the givenn namespace to run with  SCC: any-userid. The pods/containers can runn as root or UID which is not within the range of the OpenShift namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart creates clusterrolebinding for all the serviceaccounts in the given namespace to the clusterrole - system:openshift:scc:anyuid. This will allow all the containers and pods in the given namespace to run with  SCC: any-userid. The pods/containers can run as root or UID which is not within the range of the OpenShift namespace.
```
Some :keyboard:  issues here? :P
